README.md, before:

# Packaging for Windows `fluent-bit` Images

[![dockerhub](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/rancher/fluent-bit?sort=semver&style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/rancher/fluent-bit/tags)

This repository houses `fluent-bit` Windows image packaging for [Rancher Logging](https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.5/en/logging/), which is based on the [banzaicloud/logging-operator](https://github.com/banzaicloud/logging-operator).
For Linux images, use upstream [fluent/fluent-bit](https://hub.docker.com/r/fluent/fluent-bit) or [rancher/mirrored-fluent-fluent-bit](https://hub.docker.com/r/rancher/mirrored-fluent-fluent-bit).

## Updating

1. Change the value(s) in `config.json` to the new version(s).
1. Run `make`.
1. Commit those changes and push/merge into the main branch (`master`).
1. Tag a new release and push into the main branch (`master`).

## Testing with the Upstream Chart

One way to test the upstream chart with this package is to edit the default repository and tag in the Go code, and then test the chart locally.

```sh
make manifests
make generate
make install
go run main.go
helm install logging-demo ./charts/logging-demo --set "minio.enabled=True"
```

Commit message:

Migrate to GHA and change deploy mechanism (#13)
* Initial GHA workflow

* handle environment variables

* test image tag

* add inspect image step

* add temporary steps for debugging

* add release workflow

* fix wrong env

* add backticks

* add test version

* Restructure repository workflow

* Remove files no longer necessary

* Update README.md

* pull from rancher repo

* improve README.md

README.md, after:

# Packaging for Windows `fluent-bit` Images

[![dockerhub](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/rancher/fluent-bit?sort=semver&style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/rancher/fluent-bit/tags)

This repository houses `fluent-bit` Windows image packaging for [Rancher Logging](https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.5/en/logging/), which is based on the [kube-logging/logging-operator](https://github.com/kube-logging/logging-operator).
For Linux images, use upstream [fluent/fluent-bit](https://hub.docker.com/r/fluent/fluent-bit) or [rancher/mirrored-fluent-fluent-bit](https://hub.docker.com/r/rancher/mirrored-fluent-fluent-bit).

## Updating

Since the upstream fluent-bit project has started building Windows images themselves, the goal of this repository is only to generate a Docker manifest to deploy Windows-2019 and Windows-2022 images under the same tag. To do that only two steps are needed:

1. Mirror the desired tag of the original images to the Dockerhub repository *rancher/fluent-bit* via the [https://github.com/rancher/image-mirror](rancher/image-mirror) automation.
2. Tag a new release and push into the main branch (`master`). The release tag should match the version mirrored previously.

## Testing with the Upstream Chart

One way to test the upstream chart with this package is to edit the default repository and tag in the Go code, and then test the chart locally.

```sh
make manifests
make generate
make install
go run main.go
helm install logging-demo ./charts/logging-demo --set "minio.enabled=True"
```
